hey this is the Cherokee Wolfpack the
28th WP your quick walk around here with
this unit you're going to get the
electric tongue jack does have a full
slide out super slide and have a
generator rack up front here you're
going to have the toy lock so if you
have a motorcycle or a golf cart or
bicycles what have you you can actually
lock that up it's like the old bicycle
locks but it reels in you have the
digital level ups you have an electric
awning keyless entry
have outside speakers can bring your TV
outside hook it up here you're going to
have your second door that's going to go
into the toy box I'm the back ramp
just really a nice looking unit we have
aluminum wheels on it we're going to
step inside real quick and go over the
inside looking towards the rear from the
front of the unit here first thing
you're going to notice is the u-shaped
dinette now you shape down it it can
drop down and become another full-size
bed in the front of the unit you're
going to have a couch the couch will
actually drop down into a bed and if you
need more room the Murphy bed here in
the wall just slides down flips out
and then you have a full-size bed well
the headboard got wardrobes on both
sides over here in the kitchen you're
going to have a residential style faucet
with a spray nozzle overhead cabinets
cooktop microwave oven large capacity
refrigerator over here you're going to
have a am FM CD DVD player can have your
mount up here as we walk through you're
going to come into the bathroom here I
have a large residential shower and have
your sink and of course your toilet
storage cabinets in the bathroom also
looking in the back here it's the toy
toy area give you a broad view of it
here you can have some storage cabinets
and shelves right here you have your
cross ventilation get one old curb side
and one on roadside here you're going to
have storage bags over the windows or
you can drop these down and have light
coming in these also acts as a insulator
in the heat you're going to notice that
it is ducted air and ducted heat walk
back through and give you an overview so
my name is Brian stone you can reach me
direct at 90 377 one for 120 thanks for
looking talk to you soon